Docs - Improve ECR docs (#2768)
nuclio/nuclio: docs/setup/k8s/running-in-production-k8s.md

    ]
}
```
Common environment variables:
```shell
export AWS_REGION=<Your AWS region>
export AWS_ACCOUNT=<Your AWS account ID>
export ECR_PASSWORD=$(aws ecr get-login-password --region ${AWS_REGION})
```
Create the AWS credentials secret generated from `.aws/credentials` file configured with access key id and secret access key using the following command:
```shell
cat << EOF | kubectl --namespace nuclio create secret generic aws-credentials --save-config \
--dry-run=client --from-file=credentials=/dev/stdin -o yaml | kubectl apply -f -
[default]
aws_access_key_id = ${AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID}
aws_secret_access_key = ${AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY}
EOF
```
> **Note:** This is needed to allow Kaniko creating the image repository prior to pushing the function image. 
> Otherwise, Kaniko will fail to push the image to ECR because the image name is being determined during the build process.

Create the ECR token secret to be used as `imagePullSecret` of function pods.

> Since ECR tokens stale after 12 hours, the secret must be refreshed periodically (can be done with a cron job as described in [Sergey's blog](https://skryvets.com/blog/2021/03/15/kubernetes-pull-image-from-private-ecr-registry/#update---aws-ecr-token-refresh))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since ECR tokens go stale after 12 hours, the secret must be refreshed periodically (can be done with a cron job as described in [this blogpost](https://skryvets.com/blog/2021/03/15/kubernetes-pull-image-from-private-ecr-registry/#update---aws-ecr-token-refresh))
```

Is Sergey a name we're all supposed to know?
